# GitHub Actions — Using Marketplace Actions Like a Pro

In this task, you’ll extend the **say-hello** app to learn how different jobs can **share files** using **Marketplace Actions**.  
You’ll explore how to **upload** a file from one job and **download** it in another. Its a powerful technique for real-world CI/CD pipelines.

Read the full article for detailed guidance:  
[Using Marketplace Actions Like a Pro](https://github-actions-part3.hashnode.dev/using-marketplace-actions-like-a-pro)

---

## Task Objective

We will use the same app that we have worked on in day-1. Perform the below task using that app.

1. In the `say-hello` job, **upload** the generated `output.log` file as an artifact.  
2. Create a new job named **`read-log`** that **depends on** `say-hello`.  
3. In `read-log`, **download** that artifact generated by the `say-hello` job, and **print its contents** to the console.

---

## Hints

- Use the official Marketplace actions for uploading and downloading artifacts:  
  - **Upload Artifact:** [actions/upload-artifact](https://github.com/actions/upload-artifact)  
  - **Download Artifact:** [actions/download-artifact](https://github.com/actions/download-artifact)  


- Example of uploading the log file in `say-hello`:
```yaml
  - name: Upload output log
    uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
    with:
      name: hello-log
      path: day-1/output.log
```
- Example of downloading the log file in `read-log`:
```yaml
    - name: Download log file
      uses: actions/download-artifact@v4
      with:
        name: hello-log
        path: ./
```
- Ensure the needs: keyword is used correctly so read-log runs only after say-hello.

---

## Need Help?

If you get stuck or your workflow fails to run:

Re-read the article carefully for step-by-step explanations and screenshots.

Then open .github/workflows/task-2.yml — it contains a working solution example.

Keep experimenting — that’s the best way to master GitHub Actions!

---

## What You’ll Learn

1. How to share files between jobs using artifacts

2. How to upload and download artifacts in workflows

3. How to combine multiple Marketplace Actions effectively

---
